Add known limitations to NUT (#38388)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/nut.markdown

The **Network UPS Tools (NUT)** {% term integration %} allows you to monitor and manage an Uninterruptible Power Supply (UPS) for battery backup, a Power Distribution Unit (PDU), or other similar power device using a [NUT](https://networkupstools.org/) server. It lets you view the status, receive notifications about important events, and execute commands as device actions for one or more such devices.

> This integration communicates with a NUT server using the NUT
> protocol. It does not directly retrieve information or take action on
> a power device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration cannot communicate directly with a UPS or power device.
For this reason, a NUT server is required. The integration talks to the
NUT server using the NUT protocol to retrieve data and status information.
```

The integration uses {% term polling %} to retrieve data from the NUT
server. The default polling interval is once every 60 seconds.

## Known limitations

Not all NUT functionality is available through this integration. The
following are known limitations:

- This NUT integration supports only a subset of NUT "variables" and
"commands".
- This NUT integration does not support setting NUT "variables".
- This NUT integration does not support NUT "commands" that require
parameters.

It is also important to know:

- This integration does not directly retrieve information from, or
take action on, a power device. Instead, this integration communicates
with a NUT server using the NUT protocol. The NUT server interacts with

> the power device(s).

Reviewer 2: This seems more of an introduction and not really a known limitation?

Author: Sounds good, revised and moved to the introduction.  Updated PR description.

- This integration does not install a NUT server on Home
Assistant. Please see the [Network UPS
Tools](https://networkupstools.org/) website for information on

> installing or upgrading your NUT server.

Reviewer 2: Why not?

Author: Thanks!  Added one reason NUT is installed separately from the integration.

The integration uses {% term polling %} to retrieve data from the NUT
server. The default polling interval is once every 60 seconds.

## Known limitations

Not all NUT functionality is available through this integration. The
following are known limitations:

- This NUT integration supports only a subset of NUT "variables" and
"commands".

> - This NUT integration does not support setting NUT "variables".

Reviewer 3: The wording here seems a bit confusing to me. the line above said that a subset of variables is supported. Here it says variables are not supported?

Author: I have further clarified the known limitation.  This integration supports "GET" but not "SET" of variables.

- This NUT integration does not support NUT "commands" that require
parameters.

It is also important to know:

- This integration does not install a NUT server on Home Assistant
because of the many installation methods available for Home
Assistant. The NUT server should be installed on a separate system or
in a separate container. Please see the [Network UPS
Tools](https://networkupstools.org/) website for information on

> installing or upgrading your NUT server.

Reviewer 2: This is still not right. It does't need to be on a separate system or separate container. Can be the same system 🤷 

I think you are putting to much detail in here. I suggest removing this and clarifying in the introduction this requires an installed NUT server accessible to Home Assistant and pointing to the upstream documentation.

../Frenck

Author: Okay, removed.  This is the single most frequently asked question about the NUT integration which is why I was trying to make it more obvious in different places in the doc.  I'll try adding a new section on "Installing a NUT server" at the top in the future.

        message: "The UPS lost power and is now on battery"
```

> ## Known limitations
> 
> Not all NUT functionality is available through this integration. The
> following are known limitations:
> 
> - This NUT integration only supports a subset of NUT "variables" and
> "commands".
> - This NUT integration only supports retrieving, but not setting, NUT
> "variables".
> - This NUT integration does not support NUT "commands" that require
> parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Known Limitations

Not all NUT functionality is available through this integration.
The following limitations apply:

- Only a subset of NUT "variables" and "commands" are supported.
- Retrieving NUT "variables" is supported, but setting them is not.
- NUT "commands" that require parameters are not supported.
```
